Update Dfsu documentation (#349)
DHI/mikeio: docs/dfsu-3d.md

# Dfsu 3D

> Apart from the common [dfsu-geometry properties and methods](./dfu-mesh-overview.md#mike-io-flexible-mesh-geometry), Dfsu3D has the below additional *properties* (from it's geometry [GeometryFM3D](GeometryFM3D)): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the common [dfsu-geometry properties and methods](./dfu-mesh-overview.md#mike-io-flexible-mesh-geometry), Dfsu3D has the below additional *properties* (from it's geometry [GeometryFM3D](GeometryFM3D)): 
```

```{eval-rst}
.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.n_layers
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.n_sigma_layers
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.n_z_layers
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.layer_ids
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.top_elements
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.bottom_elements
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.n_layers_per_column
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.geometry2d
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.e2_e3_table
    mikeio.dfsu_layered.Dfsu3D.elem2d_ids
```

> And apart from the basic dfsu functionality, Dfsu3D has the below additional *methods*: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And in addition to from the basic dfsu functionality, Dfsu3D has the below additional *methods*: 
```
